The Rochester Croquet Club @ the G & T Sports Park
invites you to attend our
 
12th Annual Invitational Tournament
 
USCA-Sanctioned American Six-Wicket Singles and Doubles
 
Tournament Director: Richard Curtis                         Rochester, NY
   Tournament Manager: Denise Ireland                    Friday - Sunday
.                  (hutchisondenise@gmail.com)                   August 8-10, 2025
 
Event synopsis: You can play singles, doubles, or both. Singles 8lights will be designated based on your USCA handicap. Doubles will be a hi-low format, with partners chosen by the TD. The entry fee is $175 for either singles or doubles, or $250 for both. The singles and doubles schedules will be interwoven throughout the weekend. Registration is capped at 16 players, so don’t delay if you are interested.
Tentative agenda:
*Thursday-courts open for practice at 1:00. There will be an hors d’oeuvre Meet and Greet at 4:30.

*Friday - Sunday - courts open for practice at 8:00 am, with play beginning at 8:30. Lunch and a continental breakfast will be provided on the grounds each day.

*Saturday evening there will be a hosted dinner at a local restaurant.

*Sunday- 8inals for both singles and doubles will be played on Sunday.

*Depending on the 8light make up and schedule needs, at the discretion of the Tournament Director, we may schedule one round of singles games after the Thursday Meet & Greet. Please indicate your ability to play on Thursday evening on your registration form. Refunds prior to July 1 subject to $25 fee. Refunds after July 1 given only if a substitute can be moved up from the wait list. Deadline for all applications is July 31, 2025.

 
Whites are required for tournament play Friday through Sunday. Colors may be worn for Thursday’s events, and dinner Saturday evening will be business casual dress.
 
For the past nine years we have offered consecutive weekends of tournaments in concert with the Buffalo Croquet Club with three days between for sight-seeing in this beautiful region of New York state. Buffalo's tournament follows ours this year: contact Bob Gannon (thehangmen@msn.com).

 
What is there to see in this area? Niagara Falls (bring passports to visit the Canadian side), Finger Lakes Wine Trail, Genesee Country Village and Museum, Glenn Curtiss Museum (Aviation), Frank Lloyd Wright House, two zoos, botanical gardens, Pierce-Arrow Museum, Strong National Museum of Play, Letchworth State Park (some call it the Grand Canyon of the East), Susan B. Anthony House, Erie Canal, George Eastman House and International Museum of Photography, Sonnenberg Gardens & Mansion, Corning Museum of Glass...to name a few!


The tournament will be played at Grace and Truth Sports Park, a beautiful park-like facility of nearly 100 acres. It is a

family-friendly environment that cultivates positive character values such as integrity, honesty, sportsmanship, determination, restraint and leadership as it serves athletes and their families from the surrounding communities.

 

 

 

The tournament will be played at Grace and Truth Sports Park, a beautiful park-like facility of nearly 100 acres. It is a

family-friendly environment that cultivates positive character values such as integrity, honesty, sportsmanship, determination, restraint and leadership as it serves athletes and their families from the surrounding communities.

As such, the Sports Park asks that we respect the following rules: no pets, tobacco, vaping, alcohol or drugs may be brought into the Park. Abusive and offensive language and conduct are not permitted. G&T Sports Park is located at 373 N.Greece Rd. Hilton, NY 14468.


CLICK HERE FOR ENTRY FORM
 
2025 Rochester Invitational Entry Form